Update tables and add Spin SDK support (#48)
fermyon/wasm-languages: webassembly-language-support.md

This reports on the top 20 languages from [RedMonk's ranking](https://redmonk.com/sogrady/2022/03/28/language-rankings-1-22/).
Some languages, like CSS, PowerShell, and "Shell", don't really have a meaningful expression in Wasm. However, we have left them here for completeness.

| Language                  | Core  | Browser | WASI | Spin SDK |
| ------------------------- | ----- | ------- | ---- | -------- |
| [JavaScript][JavaScript]  | ✅    | ✅      | ⏳   | ✅       |
| [Python][Python]          | ✅    | ⏳      | ✅   | ⏳       |

> | [Java][Java]              | ✅    | ✅      | ✅   | ❌       |

Author: Good idea. Done.

| [Go][Go]                  | ✅    | ✅      | ✅   | ✅       |
| [PowerShell][PowerShell]  | ❌    | ❌      | ❌   | ❌       |
| [Kotlin (JVM)][Kotlin]    | ✅    | ✅      | ✅   | ❌       |
| [Kotlin (Native)][Kotlin] | ⏳    | ✅      | ⏳   | ❌       |
| [Rust][Rust]              | ✅    | ✅      | ✅   | ✅       |
| [Dart][Dart]              | ❌    | ⏳      | ❌   | ❌       |

* _Core_ means there is an implementation of WebAssembly 1.0
* _Browser_ means there is at least one browser implementation
* _Wasi_ means that the language supports at least WASI Preview 1
* _Spin SDK_ indicates there is a Spin SDK for the language

Anything with WASI or Spin SDK support runs on Fermyon Cloud, Spin, and Fermyon Platform.

## WebAssembly Specific Languages

| Language                         | Browser | CLI | WASI | Spin SDK |
| -------------------------------- | ------- | --- | ---- | -------- |
| [AssemblyScript][AssemblyScript] | ✅      | ✅  | ✅   | ❌       |
| [Grain][Grain]                   | ✅      | ✅  | ✅   | ❌       |
| [Motoko][Motoko]                 | ✅      | ✅  | ✅   | ❌       |

* _Browser_ means there is at least one browser implementation

> * _CLI_ means the language has a CLI runtime mode

Reviewer: Should we also include `* _Wasi_ means that the language supports at least WASI Preview 1` for completeness?

Author: Done! Good idea

* _Spin SDK_ indicates there is a Spin SDK for the language

## Other Notable Languages

These languages enjoy broad use (though perhaps not in the top 20) and have at least some degree of WebAssembly Support

> | Language                  | Browser | CLI | WASI | Spin SDK |

Author: Agree, but will do that in a separate PR. Here's the new issue: #55

| ------------------------- | ------- | --- | ---- | -------- |
| [COBOL][Cobol]            | ⏳      | ✅  | ⏳   | ❌       |
| [Erlang (BEAM)][Erlang]   | ⏳      | ⏳  | ⏳   | ❌       |
| [Haskell][Haskell]        | ✅      | ✅  | ✅   | ❌       |
| [Lisp][Lisp]              | ⏳      | ⏳  | ⏳   | ❌       |
| [Lua][Lua]                | ✅      | ❌  | ❌   | ❌       |
| [Perl][Perl]              | ✅      | ❌  | ❌   | ❌       |
| [Zig][Zig]                | ✅      | ✅  | ✅   | ❌       |

* _Browser_ means there is at least one browser implementation

> * _CLI_ means the language has a CLI runtime mode

Reviewer: Should we also include `* _Wasi_ means that the language supports at least WASI Preview 1` for completeness?

Author: Done

- ✅  Usable
- ⏳ In progress
- ❌ Not implemented
- `N/A` Not applicable

> Spin, Fermyon Platform, Fermyon Cloud require [WASI](https://wasi.dev) support. Any language that has a ✅ for WASI should be supported on the Fermyon Platform. The *Spin SDK* indicates that there is additional libraries available for Spin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spin, Fermyon Platform and Fermyon Cloud require [WASI](https://wasi.dev) support. Any language that has a ✅ for WASI should be supported on the Fermyon Platform. The *Spin SDK* indicates that there are additional libraries available for Spin.
```

Author: Oops... didn't see this before my rebase. Added this manually.
